---
published: true
author: 
subtitle: 
date: 2025-02-26
source: 
tags: 
---

# Haleigh

Anna Jannah liked part of the aethetic to there first girlfriend who was 17, while they were 15. She smelled of dollar genreal fabric softener and stolen pre rolled cigarets from her grandfather. Driving a 2003 honda CRV she took from her grandmother with only a permit. The first time trying amphetamines with her at 15 years old, speed, speed, speed. Her style was dictated by obscure online subcultures and lack of finances. After the 4 month stent together she left Anna. These stories eventually lead to a creation, a next gen work force, usually by accident. They later learned that this girl became addicted to meth and nothing after that point. This story stuck with Anna, a strange short love story of esoteric new aesthetics pioneered by the lack of knowledge and income, only strange internet art boards. Add Details like : what type of wood was burning, the winter shifting to spring, the.4 clocks of life and expectations, the idea that there is a perfect human experience, the dream experience is much different. This strange 5 month stent from march to July was something strange a liminal love story. I think of being 80 and thinking what town will something of the sort play out for another young group of teens? Will they see the same things, will this experience round and roll them in ways unsean, what about in 200 years. These images that now pervade the rest of my life. A small story, a wild round trip that will recover be with me and cherish. And I pray to god in silence that other kids get to experience such Viseral love for being, for a knowing not of the future but being now. I pray that while im long dead that energy is not lost and while they are laughing and crying through trying times I will be thankful they are able to do it, thanking the creator we have this ability. I never went to college, as a 22 year old I starting to doubt my art to an extent, my adult life is much less wound around that spirit, so im trying to find new spirits, or even create them if they are not appearing like they once did. I work a normal ‘job’ but making is so good, its a gift from god that many can only dream of. The style and aesthetic is both a style from the future and once from the past, it reminds me of a time that is long gone, an ethos and dream long gone, and most crucially will never be able to be felt again in any way resembling that, those neural, human highs extinguished.  This is those times deaths, this loop is over. Just one step closer to the new mud flood. One step closer to the end of the loop.
