---
published: true
subtitle: 
date: 2025-02-26
tags: 
---

# Feb-26-2025

My spirit animal is a 3d printed bump stock

My friends and I are going to build a full size, operational gundam out of old Lada riva's, its inner control system will be written in a mixture of english, german and manderin.

Today was the first day in months I worked outside.

Life was better with bruised shins...

There is very little spiritual difference between a Siberian mining town, a Chinese factory town and an old Appalachian coal town. The spirits are the same, this resonates in the dreams as well.

2001 gmc with light rust.

Crypto inuits hunting normie caribou.

I can sit and stare at the ground for hours, at the woods for hours, at the sky for hours, do nothing for hours, Are these hours wasted? To some yes, to me no. they are some of the most profound moments, that a creature on earth can sit and lavish in it all for hours on end.

I have a friend who dwells in the lower slave consciousness. he loves family guy, watches sports, and works at a warehouse but our connection is beyond such things, because I just like him.

Capitalists most oppressive aspects are enjoyed by its victims, just walk through Walmart.

Every trip to get gas or a burger is art, its a gift and should be treated as such.

You’re still crawling here too huh?

She's wearing too much perfume to cover up the cigs she stole from her mom.

I went to your fishing tournament and nobody knew you

Retard-vant-gaurde

Stomp your face in with my Lugz

Run you down in my phat farm and slice U up.

