---
published: true
subtitle: 
date: 2025-03-16
tags: 
---

# Mar-16-2025

Drifting through the simple world of the old coal town, trash finds itself seemingly on every patch of street not covered with a house. Staring from the passenger seat at rows of worn homes broken by a strip of used car lots, trucking companies, junk yards and body shops. The sporadic patch of woods raises questions of why that lot was spared the fate of its destruction to facilitate a modular home or perhaps a regional bank. The roadwork indicators remain in the same positions they have since my childhood, but now covered by years of seasonal changes. 65 degrees and raining, MR and I head to do a job so many that travel these roads have performed, the fixing of the beater car stranded in the tattered parking lot. It was a comfortable overcast, the birds did not seem to care about the dribbles of rain either. We roll into MR's place of work that fits ironically with the locale itself, junk removal. MR's coworkers come and go, giving tips as to there mechanical methodology engrained since childhood to mend this beater. They share tales of there own cars, how they mended a similar problem and saved 100's of hard earned dollars. After many hours and the occasional trip through the town to the local AutoZone, we had to call it, the car must sit another night. I recall on the way back seeing an over-weight women in her mid 30's, stepping off her green carpeted porch which was attached to a sooty duplex, about 10 feet from the busy avenue. She walked towards a beater of her own, or maybe a boyfriends. This women along with All those who remain in such places do so out of familial or income obligation, or they suffer from a form of Stockholm syndrome. I imagine I too will suffer from such things when i leave, I will be homesick for the sickness that pervades such places.