---
published: true
topic: 
subtitle: 
date: 2025-02-25
tags: 
---
# Timewarp


I believe this can be broken down inter very distinct eras that have a palpable differences.

1983-1985 (early-mid 80s) the "plastic wood" era.

~1983-1985:
The early 80s were marked by a lack of color. Earthy tones dominated. Its as if there was a reaction to the psychedelics of the 1960s and 1970s. People seemed cold and rather boring. Comedy wasn't all that funny and movies weren't all that good, with rare exception. For example compare the darkness of The Empire Strikes Back (1980) or the grittiness clunkiness of Ghostbusters (1984) with the big budget look of Aliens that would be released in 1986. There was a distinct change in the quality of mass media and the impression left on audiences. The early-mid 1980s focused more on script and artistic talent, which gave it a gritty appeal, wheres the mid-late 80s focused more on freshness, modernness and sensationalism, which made media easier to connect with even now, almost 40 years later. My personal experience being born in 83 is that 83 itself marked the beginning of a transition between the grit of the early 80s and the rise of the 'sunshine' 80s, which is basically higher film quality in movies, a more streamlined look. Less of a 70s vibe. For example compare Brown and orange tones in advertising lose popularity, as does fake wood paneling on plastic devices. Politcally there was an aggressive conservative energy that was mixed with narcissistic greed and an abhorrent rising tide of feminist hostility toward an equally repulsive masculine egotism. Many creative grotesqueries lurked in the shadows, perhaps showing the hidden demons of this time, such as through movies like Ghoulies and Garbage Pale Kids. AIDS and homosexuality are forced on the public, giving the era a subliminal grotesque chill of negativity.
>>
 Anonymous 08/18/24(Sun)04:20:11 No.38612105▶>>38612111 >>38613056
>>38612099

Golden Children era:
1986-1989: this is sunshine 80s. Somehow and quite suddenly the sun shines very bright, like a warm golden glow. clothing is more colorful and keeps a traditional vibe. Though rebelliousness is in the youth and greed is also prominent, there is a sense of times improving as the decade moves toward the 90s. The younger children, millenials, are pampered. Things like blonde hair and blue eyes are adored. Toys like teddy ruxpin, pillow pals and stuff were popular. Things like Garbage Pale Kids and Ghoulies are more of a lighthearted joke now, mocked through silly TV shows like Tales from the Darkside and Monsters. However there is an evil greed beneath the surface that is driving it all. It has just been given a surge of financial power. Everything is being branded. Even cuteness and love, is all commercialized. Quality is given a brand and mass marketed. With so much mass media, the world is becoming filled with symbols and icons. Pepsi logos, Coke signs, Golden Arches, Burger King, McDonalds. It's all being rolled out now. More than ever. Everything is entering consolidation. The peronal computer is popularized and so the internet is just becoming mainstream. Corporate icons are everwhere. As I mentioned above, movies had a different quality. They were more sensationalized and even audiences today can connect with big budget films from this time, like Robocop, Aliens and Predator. That kind of streamlining was not possible in the early 80s due to technical limitations and the fact that the creative arts were more introverted, giving the creations more of a 'well crafted' and 'artful'. Much of the grit is lost and the creative style from 1986 has a sleek, premium, action-filled and bombastic energy that was suddently possible, as if overnight.
>>
 Anonymous 08/18/24(Sun)04:21:16 No.38612111▶>>38612135 >>38613056
>>38612105
Early 90s Sun:
1990-1992: this is the early 90s. In these summers the sun's intensity is almost overpowering and the winters have a morbid chill. Something born in 80s explodes in this brief window of time. Perhaps this is energy that was repressed in the preceding era, because it has an evil quality. That is, colorful crazy colors, hot pink, fluoroescent colors. Often this energy is enough to use as backgrounds, or as book covers for textbooks. It is like a dangerous poisonous exotic insect. Floating spirals, flamingoes, cryptic symbols and stick figures. It is as if we are being distracted by these dazzling colors. Trance type 'club' music becomes popular and casts a hypnotic spell on listeners. But "hey, get with the times, 'it's the 90s!'" they say. Here colorful characters distract us. Bart Simpson, Steve Urkel, the Olson Twins. Black culture is mixed with white culture, such as with Vanilla ice, so blonde flat tops, parachute pants, mixed with some rising demonic african energy which is seen in many of the color patterns on clothing, with floating symbols, secret symbolism. But the winters are bleak, a cold deathly chill is coming. The terminator rises again out of the grit of the early 80s, but he has huge power behind him and disguises himself as something good, bright, fresh and modern. Science and Technology appears as our savior (it saves the Messiah, John Connor (JC)). Divorces are becoming normalized now and sex is openly discussed in the media, introducing teens to 'safe sex' instead of chastity. Feminism is on the rise as women enter the workforce more than ever. Men are presented as bad, as pigs, and women as victims. It is a vicious fiery energy emanating from the sun in this time.
>>
 Anonymous 08/18/24(Sun)04:25:22 No.38612135▶>>38612145 >>38612726 >>38613056
>>38612111
Grunge:
1993-1996: the preceding phase gives way to what we typify as 'grunge' culture. But in this time rap was also being popularized. In fact it can be argued that grunge was a reaction to the rap that was a dominant theme of this era. A monster that was conceived in the 80s and birthed in the early 90s is now accepted and normalized. Everything feels dreary. morbid and evil. A hatred of men is normalized in the media, and also expressed in the popular music. For example Nirvana shows the fetuses hanging in the trees, Lorena Bobbit cuts her husband's penis off and it is boasted about in the media like it is a joke. This is a stark contrast to the mid-late 80s. Men become 'bad' women become 'good'. This is where things like mass media, video games and fast food change from being complementary to life, to being comforts that people escape to. According to the media influences, children are supposed to be rebellious and anything mature or normal is 'uncool'. Parents are 'lame' and 'school sucks!'. The rise of anti-establishmentism in children who are pacified with mass marketed produced like Sunny Delight and Capri-Suns and Fruit Roll ups while the Boomer parents buy McMansions or fill the houses in the boundless suburbs. However, parents and their children do enjoy some hollywood escapism through feel good movies like Jurassic Park and Mrs. Doubtfire, which attempt at giving a good feeling to times of familial decay, while hiding secret evil messages. The Gen X'rs are left to their own devices. This era was slipshod. You had many technological advancements but they all were handled by separate devices, most of which were quickly obsolete as corporations competed for dominance. And though personal computers, cell phones, internet, voice recording, video recording and digital media were all available, you needed separate devices for all of these things.
>>
 Anonymous 08/18/24(Sun)04:26:23 No.38612145▶>>38612153 >>38613056
>>38612135
Peak Boomerism:
1997-2000: Things more or less stabilized in this time. Grunge was really a transitional time where demons were getting situated and polishing their images. Society found a way to cope with the ugly demon it had birthed primarily through greed and escapism. For example shows like Seinfeld and Friends had been rolled out and streamlined in the preceding era, and now the methods were perfected. The shows had evil messages presented to warm the hearts of audiences. The rap music market was now officially mainstream and commoditized. This era is the pinnacle of the media comforts. Here things like blockbuster video, video game culture and fast food culture were at their apex. People abandoned the old ways in favor of materialistic secularism. I would argue that this time is the most deluded time, where the illusion of infinite growth had the greatest sway. For example people genuinely believed that diversity wouldn't change the functioning of the country and no one could imagine a truly nonwhite America yet. This all seemed hypothetical. America was perfect and would be a superpower forever because everything was all figured out, our leaders had everything under control and science would save the day. The propaganda was so strong that everything the media said was believed without question. However in this was also a seed of doubt planted by the internet, where fringe 'crackpots' had dreary and creepy and scary websites that said things that shouldn't be said.
>>
 Anonymous 08/18/24(Sun)04:27:24 No.38612153▶>>38612171 >>38613056
>>38612145
peak boomerism continued...

And so the media counteracted such resistance with staged or trumped-up school shootings and appeals for gun control. In order to resist anti-semitism Holocaust remembrance became mandated in most schools, filling up huge sections of the curriculums of english and social studies. People totally lost touch with reality during this time, their focus being on their late show hosts, video games, sitcoms, stocks and CNN. There was a unanimous optimism. In this time you also found the integration of tech, for example desktop computers could now have webcams installed and they could theoretically make phone calls and record media. So here all forms of media began their digital integration. Tech was sleek and cool. Though most movies from this era were mediocre, movies like 'The Matrix' toyed with the possibilities of technology while also citing its negative affects. In that film as well as Office Space, we found the realization that corporate jobs really were boring and that ultimately they just meant working for boomers who only cared about the bottom line. And the question arose "who are we really serving?" If anything the passing of the y2k 'bug' without and serious impact on the world further solidified the optimism of this era, being enough to confirm for many that humanity did indeed have a grasp on everything and that science and technology could solve all of our problems, that everything would be 'alright'. However, despite the optimism, by 1999 and 2000 there was a budding sense that something wasn't quite right.
>>
 Anonymous 08/18/24(Sun)04:29:46 No.38612171▶>>38612179 >>38613056
>>38612153
The Millenium:

2001-2004: We all know the magnitude of 911. The sense of security and optimism, even if the feeling remained (which it did in most) it was forced to a halt. Around this same time was also the Enron scandal, which undoubtedly was one of many scandals, the many bubbles bursting, that 911 was used to cover up. As for terrorism, this is similar to the sense felt during the alleged covid pandemic where some protested there was no real threat, that it was all lies. In this era some claimed terrorism was baloney. But most went along with the narrative. During this time monopolies took the forefront. For example smaller retail outlets like Bradlees (a local chain in southern New England, but I'm sure you have your own chain) were replaced by Wal-Mart and Target. No one could compete with mega corporations. Amazon.com also rose during this time, as did Netflix. This is where everything started to move faster. For example high speed internet and shipping. Laws also changed rapidly, for example smoking suddenly being banned in most places. For example when I turned 18 I would go to a local diner to friends and we would all sit in the smoking section and smoke. Seeing young kids not even out of high school smoking in a restaurant seems ridiculous now, but there was a time where it would be considered discrimination to tell them they couldn't sit at a smoking table and smoke. Though veiled in benevolence with words like "public health" and "patriotism", This was the beginning of the 'evil empire', where freedom came under attack in the name of protecting freedom. And yet during this time there was still a profound sense of security and optimism among many, who still saw the united states as an indestructible empire that gained power by being a tolerant and liberal melting pot. In this era the music and movies aren't very good, but it is all very sensationalized and polished. We find some big budget movies, but few aged very well because bad cgi.
>>
 Anonymous 08/18/24(Sun)04:30:53 No.38612179▶>>38612184 >>38613056
>>38612171
The end of 'normal'
2005-2007: This is really an extension of the above era. I think it is actually part of the same era, which is abnormally long. However it has a unique quality to it more for subjective reasons which I theorize also apply to the whole of humanity. First is the true rise of social media (myspace peaked in this time, and facebook also gained momentum). The thing about this time is that it really was the end of the hopes and dreams of most, but no one knew it! Though there were some premonitions of coming doom and mass destruction (such as 2002's '28 Days Later'), we also had the development of the i-phone, which replaced the i-pad (which was developed in the first year). So the advent of the modern 'smart phone', the iphone, supplanting the ipod, I think truly closed this era and from here the smart phone era was launched. During this time many grocery chains and pharmacies were opened 24 hours. There was a higher level of trust in this time. People also still held out hope for things like tuition reimbursement from local corporations.
>>
 Anonymous 08/18/24(Sun)04:31:54 No.38612184▶>>38612198 >>38613056
>>38612179
end of normal, continued:

'Just get a corporate job!' was the boomer solution to raising their children and many Gen-X'rs were begrudgingly living this existence and with movies like Office Space and The Matrix corporations were finding ways to make themselves look cool and trendy in order to appeal to the young and naive millenials that were now entering the work force en masse and expecting something as colorful and indulgent as their childhoods. In this time comedy was fresh, hip, youthful and colorful and it seemed like anyone could make it big without selling their soul. There was a carefree sense that 'yeah, things suck, but what's the big deal, let's joke about it!' And why was this? Mostly because housing was affordable and jobs were more or less plentiful. One could retreat into their own inner world without facing existential dread. One could find positivity among friends. But that, as we know, would soon end. In this era we notice the rise of the 'reboot'. Talent seems exhausted, hollywood is out of ideas. We find that old stars like Arnold Scharzenegger and Sylvester Stallone are brought back in familiar roles in order to evoke nostalgia in otherwise bored audiences. I agree with OP that this was the last 'normal' year.
>>
 Anonymous 08/18/24(Sun)04:33:35 No.38612198▶>>38612203 >>38613056
>>38612184
The Collapse (Globohomo era):

This is the longest era. It lasts at least 20 years. It has been dragged out much like stretching out a sheet of taffy. there is only so much more you can stretch it out before it breaks and for that reason it can't have much longer left. As you can see most eras last about 2 or 3 years. But this era is different. It is as if it is being artificially extended. there are smaller eras within it, but all of them are marked by a general decline in the well being, optimism and confidence of people.

...
>>
 Anonymous 08/18/24(Sun)04:34:40 No.38612203▶>>38612209 >>38613056
>>38612198
From 2008 to 2011, the financial crisis shattered the optimism of the early 2000s, as many young professionals, including recent college graduates, faced an abrupt realization that the traditional corporate ladder was no longer reliable. Despite landing a well-paying job on a loading dock, the author reflects on the disillusionment that followed, as layoffs became inevitable and the Boomer generation clung to power amidst the economic downturn. The crisis marked the end of an era, deepened skepticism about retirement security, and catalyzed the rise of internet culture and memes as society grappled with a growing sense of impending doom.
>>
 Anonymous 08/18/24(Sun)04:35:47 No.38612209▶>>38612215 >>38613056
>>38612203
2008, I believe, is more consequential than even 2001 was. 2001 was more artificial, it was a foreshadowing to 2008, which really marked the inescapable decline. In this time the humor was wry and extemporaneous. Reality television had even bled into fiction with shows like The Office and truly one could say we had reached a peak in boredom by the time 2008 was reached because nothing of substance was happening in the western world, it was all 'somewhere else' and all we had was the escapism that I described during the preceding eras. That is, the mass produced. And 2008 changed all of this. Now there was a sense of impending doom. The 401k plans, the pensions, the social security, were all brought into question. The realization that the whole corporate game is rigged struck fear into the hearts of the boomers and this must be why they still cling to the reigns of power so desperately. Here we also find the beginning of modern internet memes which are dispersed quickly through social media.
>>
 Anonymous 08/18/24(Sun)04:36:52 No.38612215▶>>38612224 >>38613056
>>38612209

The period of 2008-2011 parallels the COVID crisis of 2020-2023, marked by widespread unemployment, societal uncertainty, and a growing disillusionment with the system. This era saw the rise of "Doomers" and a surge in conspiracy theories, particularly through YouTube, where ideas like predictive programming and staged events gained traction. Fear over issues like the Swine Flu and other crises fueled a sense of impending global collapse. Additionally, this time signaled the beginning of a cultural shift with the rise of LGBTQ+ visibility, pop stars like Lady Gaga and Nicki Minaj, and a decline in memorable media, all while political figures like Obama were seen by some as heralding the decline of America.
>>
 Anonymous 08/18/24(Sun)04:38:14 No.38612224▶>>38612234 >>38613056
>>38612215
2012 stands alone as its own era. that year was the year between the financial collapse and the current globohomo world we currently exist in.

2012: This year marked the normalization into our current era. By now the old times were behind us. By 2012 smart phones were truly mainstream among the youth and pretty much everyone had high speed internet, flat screen televisions and had accepted into their lives the easy access to porn and the ease of online ordering through services like Amazon.com. Though the consequences of the 2008 financial crisis are still felt to this day, society had eventually become accustomed to lower standards, longer hours and less pay while also enjoying the greatest access to entertainment and the greatest capacity at expressing themselves online. In 2012 the millenial generation was still young and most were just entering adulthood, so hadn't quite realized that home ownership would be out of reach for most of them, so there was still some youthful optimism rather than a sense of stunted growth that would dominate after 2015. So the time between 2012 was a transitional time period and arguably unenventful. But still, 2012 stands alone as a sort of oddity. The financial crisis had been phased out of the mainstream and yet the whole world was left standing and asking "well, what do I do now?" If anything this was a time of learning for the world.
>>
 Anonymous 08/18/24(Sun)04:39:14 No.38612234▶>>38612240 >>38613056
>>38612224
2012 cont:

A time of revelations. New types of scams emerged where people were enlisted by crisis actors into scams. This probably has its roots far in the past, but became mainstream around 2012, when people were most susceptible to selling their souls in exchange for the financial security that they had lost in 2008. We had the Sandy Hook Hoax, for example, which served as a mass awakening for many 'conspiracy theorists' who were already questioning 911. Sandy Hook also preceded December 21, 2012 by only one week. That date was the end of the Mayan Long Count and to many would mark the 'End of the World'. Many millions of people took note of this date, and yet few cared to notice the fact that the 'moment of silence' for Sandy Hook took place on that very date and was presided over by none other than Barack Obama himself, in Newtown, Connecticut. Personally, I am under the impression that 2012 itself was a significant year and marked an official beginning to a new era. It stands out from 2008-2011 as having a very distinct, initiatic energy. It gave closure and finality to the fact that we had entered into the collapsed. Somewhat like the finale of an opening ceremony.
>>
 Anonymous 08/18/24(Sun)04:40:14 No.38612240▶>>38612244 >>38613056
>>38612234
2013-2016: This is an almost arbitrary demarcation. There are many opinions about the years from 2012 leading up to Covid. some say that there is a palpable change in 2015, others claim that it is 2016. I would argue that the period between 2013 and 2016 is a time of stability. Things sucked, but things were stable. There was nothing too crazy going on over here. It was all overseas. We had the introduction of Obamacare, for example, but it was more of an annoyance than anything. It was a time where everyone was forced to accept everything as increasingly shittier. This era really just finalized the smart phone era. By 2016 just about everyone had a smart phone, which has a significance that can't be underestimated. We can see how the introduction of Twitter in 2006 probably foresaw smart phones as twitter was most useful on smart phones and this is when it rose in popularity along with apps like snapchat and tiktok. Otherwise there was in this time an increase in stagnation, inflating prices, lowering standard of living, but now everyone has a smart phone.
>>
 Anonymous 08/18/24(Sun)04:41:15 No.38612244▶>>38612256 >>38613056
>>38612240
phone. And from this time we had the plateau of technology. All computers built in 2013-2016 are capable of handling the same basic tasks that are demanding now, a decade later. This era represented the boredom of the egalitarian globohomo Obama era which merely normalized and stabilized our increasingly lowering standard of living and praised us for our conformity. this was the dawn of modern virtue signaling and it is here that Zoomers started to gain mainstream influence. By this time the internet was totally fluid and permeable. Algorithms began to fully take control of all online experiences. This is a time where the burst of youth of the zoomers entering the scene and lowering attention spans watered down the seriousness that was building in older millenials. In 2013-2016 was a rise in content related to for example crisis acting and the flat earth conspiracies and the New World Order, but at the same time an increase in vacuous distractions and censorship.
>>
 Anonymous 08/18/24(Sun)04:42:35 No.38612256▶>>38612274 >>38613056
>>38612244
2016-2019: This is the MAGA era, which really had nothing to do with making America great. In fact America only got progressively worse. Here we find really an extension of the preceding era. The difference is merely that it is more colorful. In the youth we have wokeness dominating, but in the more mature crowd there is more brashness and cockiness because people are more willing to go against political correctness, but only within set limits. For example taboos like racism are still avoided, as is 'anti-semitism', and many, probably most, are looking toward Trump as a solution. There is tremendous enthusiasm toward Trump and a feeling that he can complete something great in 8 years, if only he can get another term. But even in this there is a technological plateau. Things really aren't improving financially or technologically. What is improving are the means of censorship. Almost overnight we find that google searches stop giving useful results and platforms are finding new ways to censor content creators. Facebook begins its sharp decline, appealing primarily to boomers and is overrun by bots. Europe is destroyed by mass migration and with the increase in 'migrant caravans' the issue is also getting worse in the united united states. Trump is elected to office as a savior, but it really just continues a relatively stable era while facing unrelenting and irrational attacks until we hit the covid era in 2020. While Trump gives the right false hope, the white birth rate drops and it is around this time that it is evident that America is becoming a nonwhite country.
>>
 Anonymous 08/18/24(Sun)04:45:33 No.38612274▶>>38612279 >>38612286 >>38613056
>>38612256
2020-2022: The covid era is like a time gap. It is a new, more advanced form of the financial crisis, where everything can be shared on social media. Here reality has become hyperreal. That is, none of it is real but everyone is talking about it as if it is, and this in turn legitimizes it. Covid is just a billing code, it doesn't exist. And yet the world will insist it does exist because of appeals to authority, such as "well my doctor said" or "I am a nurse, and I treat covid patients" and yet, where are the bodies? People are thrown out of work and can't pay their rent whereas doctors and nurses are given hazard pay to sit in empty hospitals and film tiktok videos. The whole society is gaslit and the entire media is still viciously attacking Trump who can't seem to make up his mind about whether the pandemic is real or not, until he finally launches "operation warp speed" to push the vaccine on America. in the midst of this is rioting and rising anti-white racism, which is justified by the mass media. Everyone struggles to get by, living paycheck to paycheck, or living off of the dwindling wealth of their boomer parents as massive corporations consolidate their power and the wealth gap grows. This is just an acceleration of the decline that began in 2008.
>>
 Anonymous 08/18/24(Sun)04:46:34 No.38612279▶>>38613056
>>38612274
There are no technological advancements and if anything lies are paraded as advances, such as the covid vaccine, which for all any of us know could be nothing but saline solution. The world is forced to appeal to authority. The World Economic Forum steps in briefly as a boogeyman and characters like Klaus Schwab and Bill Gates are mocked and loathed by the public but treated as heroes by the out of touch media that these men and their masters control. The whole reality is revealed as a fiction and a scam and the whole population has had enough. Totalitarian measures are imposed against the public in manners that are overtly tyrannical. The public is gaslit and shamed into compliance. The level of absurdity becomes obvious as mass voter fraud is overlooked and the integrity of elections is brushed off as unimportant as people stuff ballots in mail boxes and complain about having to show up in person to vote. And all the while race riots are incited in order to distract and divide resistance. George Floyd, the lowest form of scum, is worshipped like a martyr and officers are ironically asked to kneel in respect to him, even though this is how he died. For that reason we see how the whole stage show is really a mockery, a humilation ritual. It is scripted. We see the beginnings of the United States military being turned against American citizens, particularly conservatives white males (a trend that have gained in traction for the past 20 years). The whole world is pulled by unseen strings and the public sits passively and watches via their computers and smart phones. If we compare 2015 with 2023, what has changed? Not much from a structural standpoint. Things are just worse.
>>
 Anonymous 08/18/24(Sun)04:47:53 No.38612286▶>>38612293 >>38613056
>>38612274
2023-2024/Present:
And here we are. With the end of the covid crisis we have entered a new era. Now is a time of certain financial ruin, certain hopelessness and certainty of worse times ahead. With the betrayal of Trump (warp speed and his passive treatment of voter fraud and the theatrics of the 'capital riots' which turned out to just be a way to paint conservative whites as terrorists) and the disasterous Biden administration, America is on the verge, it seems, of civil war. And all the concepts of predictive programming, and all of the conspiracy theories, seem to be approaching some climactic end. As though it truly was some great scripted ritual, filled with subtle jokes and mockeries and ironies. Truly the stupidity of humanity is revealed, while also the evil. 2008 was merely a financial crisis, a beginning of a decline, but coming out of the covid crisis there seems an inevitability of war or some wider global conflict and collapse. Talk of coming catastrophe began during covid but is not the general consensus. What were rumors and hints in conspiracy theory circles in 2008, such as talk of the New World Order and secret societies are now mainstream. They are popular beliefs now. Few would mock them as conspiracy theories and there is no longer a hazy doubt, for example, for those who believe the earth is flat or covid was a lie. Or even that many influential celebrities are secretly transgender. People are convinced of what they believe. Illegal immigration is paraded by the media as good, and the replacement of American citizens is deemed morally justified by a complex propaganda campaign that operates synergistically at many levels through our integrated media systems.

My Time gap...
The Gap...
2019
2020 ( Worked Hard, Got computer, trrying to organize, still good actually )
2021 ( Hunter made me move out, I didnt want to live with shannon, I had no idea what to do, getting sick, covid, then sick in NY, etc, starting to get addicted to cities skylines )
2022 ( Severe Body Dysmoprhia, wanting perfection, making myself crazy, staring for hours, playing cities skylines for hours. )
2023 ( Starting to change and come out of it, terry passed away, then lou, then hit in the face and drug reaction, really a tough year.
2024 ( 


0-5 Not Much, Dont remember
5-14 Fun, Dylan, Anxiety
14-18 highschool, discovery
18-20.5, Liminal, working, A strange hope to become something big.
20.5-23.5. Hell, liminality, loosing  feelings for life, loosing any drive, loosing what made me, me. Sleep, no sleep, ALDI, Shannon, Etc.
23.5--->on Good.

How to make it better. De age about 2 Years. Forget about the last 3 years.

"age" 19.5 - 22.5 ( 20.5 --> 23.5 )... Lets climb out... Please, just for life.
March 2021 --> Aug 2024 ( My hell Period )
- Mental Instability
- Self Isolation
- Body Dismorphia
- Suicidal Ideation
- Regret
- Playing Fantasy in my head
- Tried help, didnt work
- Not actually getting anything done